Dear Mark,
I'm writing to you because I know
you're really stressed out about
restructure and uncertainty of your
role.
I'm sorry you have to go through
this. It's awful not knowing
if your job is secure and you're
powerless to do anything about it.
I hope you know, I have total faith
in your ability to get through this.
You're smart, talented, experienced
and creative.
You'll bounce back no matter what
happens.
I'm wondering if you've thought
about dedicating a bit more time to
your own self-care.
If you do some of the things you
really enjoy more often, it'll
help with the stress.
Please know I'm proud of you and
I'm always here for you.